Commands for Game:
__________________

Human-Human: (Implement after single-player)
talk- takes a player id (like a pipe to a file), and sends a string to that player. The recipient should enter some sort of chat mode, where all text is treated as a response. In chat mode /{command} allows them to execute other actions, while stop let's them quit the conversation. /{add} allows either player to add a third party to the chat. Each message is preceeded by the sender's id. Increment world and player blue counter by 1 each time.

attack- maybe also '/a' or something shorter, to speed interaction? Uses the player's current direction and attacks the object in the square adjacent. Damage dealt is equal to (player.attack/target.defense) rounded down. Increment world and player red counter by one each time.

trade- takes a string and a list of blocks to be offered. Sends a request to initiate trade to another player, who can respond with a counter offer, or a rejection. The first player then accepts or rejects the proposed trade. Increment world and player blue counter by one each time.

follow- takes a player id, and optionally a distance. The player following then moves in a straight line towards the target until they are within 1 square or the specified distance, then maintains that distance until the 'unfollow' command is sent. 

Human-World:
move- takes a string or a pair of ints (-1 to 1). The player's position is incremented by the appropriate amount.

//turn- takes a string or a pair of ints (-1 to 1). The player's current direction is set to the appropriate value.

look- takes an optional string or pair of ints (-1 to 1). Outputs the contents of cells, with their relative positions, within a cone, 5 cells deep, centered on the target square.

create- takes a string, an int, or an array of ints (r, g, b). Decrement's the player's personal counter of the appropriate source points, if available, and creates a block in the direction the player is facing. Increments the world counter by 1 for each 10 points of each type spent.

Human-Block:
mix- takes two strings, or two ints. Sums the sources of the two building blocks, capping the resulting source values at 10, and creates the resultant block in the square the player is facing. Increment the world and player green counters by one each time.

eats- takes an optional string or int. If unspecified, eats the block in front of the player (if any). If specified, removes the specified block from the player's inventory, executes the appropriate eat command, and increments the world and player green counters by 1.

take- adds the block occupying the square the player is facing to the player's inventory, if there is room. If there is room, execute the appropriate 'take' command, and increment world and player green and block.source counters by one.

drop- takes a string or an int. Removes the selected block from the player's inventory and places it in the cell the player is facing. Takes the appropriate drop action. Decrement the player's appropriate counter(s) by 1 and increment the world counter(s) by one for the one(s) not decremented.
